Monitor Condition: Healthy adherent MDA-MB-231 cells in the logarithmic growth phase are available and cultured in DMEM supplemented with 10% FBS.
Subtask 1: Move the culture dish containing the adherent MDA-MB-231 cells to the work area.
Subtask 2: Use a pipette to aspirate the culture medium from the culture dish and dispense the aspirated medium into the waste container.

Monitor Condition: Most of the liquid has been removed from the culture dish.
Subtask 3: Replace the pipette tip. Use the pipette to aspirate 2 mL of PBS and dispense it into the culture dish.
Subtask 4: Gently swirl the culture dish to ensure that the PBS covers all the cells.
Subtask 5: Use the pipette to slowly aspirate the PBS from the culture dish and dispense the aspirated liquid into the waste container.

Monitor Condition: Most of the PBS has been removed from the culture dish.
Subtask 6: Replace the pipette tip. Use the pipette to aspirate 2 mL of trypsin and dispense it into the culture dish.
Subtask 7: Gently swirl the culture dish to distribute the trypsin evenly.

Monitor Condition: The cells have been treated with trypsin for 5 min.
Subtask 8: Move the culture dish to the microscopic observation area.
Subtask 9: Observe the cells in the culture dish using an inverted microscope.

Monitor Condition: Most of the cells have become rounded and detached. DMEM supplemented with 10% FBS and an empty centrifuge tube are available.
Subtask 10: Move the culture dish back to the work area.
Subtask 11: Use the pipette to aspirate 2 mL of DMEM supplemented with 10% FBS and dispense it into the culture dish.
Subtask 12: Use the pipette to aspirate the cell suspension from the culture dish and transfer the entire suspension into the centrifuge tube.
Subtask 13: Place the centrifuge tube into a rotor position in the centrifuge.
Subtask 14: Set the centrifuge to 800 × g for 6 min using the centrifuge control panel.
Subtask 15: Start the centrifuge.

Monitor Condition: The centrifuge has completed the 6-min centrifugation process.
Subtask 16: Remove the centrifuge tube from the centrifuge.
Subtask 17: Use the pipette to aspirate the supernatant from the centrifuge tube and dispense it into the waste container.

Monitor Condition: Most of the supernatant has been removed from the centrifuge tube. One-third of the current liquid volume has been calculated and recorded as V mL. A new culture dish is available.
Subtask 18: Use the pipette to aspirate the liquid from the centrifuge tube and slowly dispense it back into the tube. Repeat this pipetting process 3–5 times to resuspend the cells.
Subtask 19: Use the pipette to aspirate V mL of the cell suspension from the centrifuge tube and dispense it into the new culture dish.
Subtask 20: Replace the pipette tip. Use the pipette to aspirate 6 mL of DMEM supplemented with 10% FBS and dispense it into the culture dish.
Subtask 21: Place the culture dish securely inside the incubator.
Subtask 22: Set the incubator temperature to 37°C and the CO₂ concentration to 5% using the incubator control panel.
Subtask 23: Start the incubator.