Monitor Condition: Bone fragments cut into pieces of approximately 2 mm³, a culture dish, and culture medium containing fetal bovine serum are available.
Subtask 1: Use ophthalmic forceps to place the bone fragments into the culture dish.
Subtask 2: Replace the pipette tip. Use a pipette to aspirate 10 mL of culture medium containing fetal bovine serum and add it to the culture dish.
Subtask 3: Gently shake the culture dish.
Subtask 4: Use a pipette to aspirate all the culture medium from the culture dish and dispense it into the liquid waste container.

Monitor Condition: Most of the culture medium has been removed from the culture dish. Osteoblast digestion solution is available.
Subtask 5: Replace the pipette tip. Use a pipette to aspirate 10 mL of osteoblast digestion solution and add it to the culture dish.

Monitor Condition: The tissue has been digested for 45 min. Osteoblast digestion solution is available.
Subtask 6: Use a pipette to aspirate all the digestion solution from the culture dish and dispense it into the liquid waste container.
Subtask 7: Replace the pipette tip. Use a pipette to aspirate 10 mL of osteoblast digestion solution and add it to the culture dish.

Monitor Condition: The tissue has been digested for 30 min. A centrifuge tube is available.
Subtask 8: Replace the pipette tip. Use a pipette to aspirate all the digestion solution from the culture dish and transfer it into the centrifuge tube.
Subtask 9: Place the centrifuge tube into a rotor position in the centrifuge.
Subtask 10: Set the centrifuge to 580 × g for 2 min using the centrifuge control panel.
Subtask 11: Start the centrifuge.

Monitor Condition: The centrifuge has completed the 2-min centrifugation process.
Subtask 12: Remove the centrifuge tube from the centrifuge and place it securely in the workspace.
Subtask 13: Use a pipette to aspirate the supernatant from the centrifuge tube and dispense it into the liquid waste container.

Monitor Condition: Most of the supernatant has been removed from the centrifuge tube. Ham's F12 culture medium containing 20% fetal bovine serum is available.
Subtask 14: Replace the pipette tip. Use a pipette to aspirate 8 mL of Ham's F12 culture medium containing 20% fetal bovine serum and add it to the centrifuge tube.
Subtask 15: Insert the pipette tip below the liquid surface, slowly press and release the plunger, and repeat the pipetting process 3–5 times to resuspend the cell suspension.
Subtask 16: Place the centrifuge tube into a rotor position in the centrifuge.
Subtask 17: Set the centrifuge to 580 × g for 10 min using the centrifuge control panel.
Subtask 18: Start the centrifuge.

Monitor Condition: The centrifuge has completed the 10-min centrifugation process.
Subtask 19: Remove the centrifuge tube from the centrifuge and place it securely in the workspace.
Subtask 20: Use a pipette to aspirate the supernatant from the centrifuge tube and dispense it into the liquid waste container.

Monitor Condition: Most of the supernatant has been removed from the centrifuge tube. Complete culture medium and a 75 cm² culture flask are available.
Subtask 21: Replace the pipette tip. Use a pipette to aspirate 4 mL of complete culture medium and add it to the centrifuge tube.
Subtask 22: Insert the pipette tip below the liquid surface, slowly press and release the plunger, and repeat the pipetting process 3–5 times to resuspend the cell suspension.
Subtask 23: Use a pipette to aspirate 4 mL of the cell suspension from the centrifuge tube and seed it into the 75 cm² culture flask.
Subtask 24: Replace the pipette tip. Use a pipette to aspirate 8 mL of complete culture medium and add it to the 75 cm² culture flask.
Subtask 25: Place the 75 cm² culture flask securely inside the incubator and close the incubator door.
Subtask 26: Set the incubator temperature to 37°C and the CO₂ concentration to 5% using the incubator control panel.
Subtask 27: Start the incubator.

Monitor Condition: The cells have been cultured for 20 min. Complete culture medium and a cell suspension are available.
Subtask 28: Remove the 75 cm² culture flask from the incubator and place it securely in the workspace.
Subtask 29: Replace the pipette tip. Use a pipette to aspirate all the culture medium from the 75 cm² culture flask and dispense it into the liquid waste container.
Subtask 30: Replace the pipette tip. Use a pipette to aspirate 2 mL of complete culture medium and add it to the 75 cm² culture flask.
Subtask 31: Replace the pipette tip. Use a pipette to aspirate 4 mL of the cell suspension and add it to the 75 cm² culture flask.
Subtask 32: Replace the pipette tip. Use a pipette to aspirate 6 mL of complete culture medium and add it to the 75 cm² culture flask.
Subtask 33: Place the 75 cm² culture flask securely inside the incubator and close the incubator door.
Subtask 34: Set the incubator temperature to 37°C and the CO₂ concentration to 5% using the incubator control panel.
Subtask 35: Start the incubator.