Monitor Condition: Dental pulp tissue, a culture dish, type I collagenase solution, and dispase solution are available.
Subtask 1: Use ophthalmic forceps to transfer the dental pulp tissue into the culture dish.
Subtask 2: Replace the pipette tip. Use a pipette to aspirate 3 mL of type I collagenase solution and add it to the culture dish.
Subtask 3: Replace the pipette tip. Use a pipette to aspirate 4 mL of dispase solution and add it to the culture dish.
Subtask 4: Gently shake the culture dish.
Subtask 5: Place the culture dish securely inside the incubator and close the incubator door.
Subtask 6: Set the incubator temperature to 37°C and the CO₂ concentration to 5% using the incubator control panel.
Subtask 7: Start the incubator.

Monitor Condition: The tissue has been cultured for 1 h. A 70 μm cell strainer and a centrifuge tube are available.
Subtask 8: Remove the culture dish from the incubator and place it securely in the workspace.
Subtask 9: Install the 70 μm cell strainer on the centrifuge tube.
Subtask 10: Replace the pipette tip. Use a pipette to aspirate the cell suspension from the culture dish.
Subtask 11: Move the pipette above the 70 μm cell strainer and slowly press the plunger to dispense the cell suspension dropwise onto the strainer for filtration.

Monitor Condition: Most of the cell suspension in the culture dish has been filtered. DMEM culture medium is available.
Subtask 12: Replace the pipette tip. Use a pipette to aspirate 2 mL of DMEM culture medium.
Subtask 13: Move the pipette above the 70 μm cell strainer and slowly press the plunger to rinse the inner surface of the strainer with the culture medium.

Monitor Condition: All the filtrate has been collected in the centrifuge tube.
Subtask 14: Place the centrifuge tube into the designated rotor position in the centrifuge.
Subtask 15: Set the centrifuge speed to 1,000 rpm and the operating time to 5 min using the centrifuge control panel.
Subtask 16: Start the centrifuge.

Monitor Condition: The centrifuge has completed the 5-min centrifugation process.
Subtask 17: Remove the centrifuge tube from the centrifuge and place it securely in the workspace.
Subtask 18: Replace the pipette tip. Use a pipette to aspirate the supernatant from the centrifuge tube and dispense it into the liquid waste container.

Monitor Condition: The supernatant has been removed from the centrifuge tube. DMEM culture medium is available.
Subtask 19: Replace the pipette tip. Use a pipette to aspirate 2 mL of DMEM culture medium and add it to the centrifuge tube.
Subtask 20: Insert the pipette tip below the liquid surface in the centrifuge tube, slowly press and release the plunger, and repeat the pipetting process 3–5 times to resuspend the cell suspension.
Subtask 21: Repeat Subtasks 14–20 until a total of two centrifugation washes has been completed.

Monitor Condition: Two centrifugation washes have been completed. Trypan blue staining solution, a hemocytometer, and an empty test tube are available.
Subtask 22: Replace the pipette tip. Use a pipette to aspirate 10 μL of the cell suspension and add it to the empty test tube.
Subtask 23: Replace the pipette tip. Use a pipette to aspirate 10 μL of trypan blue staining solution and add it to the same test tube.
Subtask 24: Replace the pipette tip. Use a pipette to aspirate 10 μL of the mixture from the test tube and add it to the counting chamber of the hemocytometer.
Subtask 25: Place the hemocytometer under a microscope, observe and count the numbers of viable and dead cells, and calculate the proportion of viable cells.

Monitor Condition: Based on the cell-counting results and the target concentration of 1 × 10^3 cells/mL, the required volume of additional culture medium has been calculated as V mL. DMEM culture medium and a 35 mm culture dish are available.
Subtask 26: Replace the pipette tip. Use a pipette to aspirate V mL of DMEM culture medium and add it to the centrifuge tube to dilute the cell suspension to 1 × 10^3 cells/mL.
Subtask 27: Replace the pipette tip. Use a pipette to aspirate 2 mL of the diluted cell suspension from the centrifuge tube and seed it into the 35 mm culture dish.
Subtask 28: Place the 35 mm culture dish securely inside the incubator and close the incubator door.
Subtask 29: Set the incubator temperature to 37°C and the CO₂ concentration to 5% using the incubator control panel.
Subtask 30: Start the incubator.

Monitor Condition: The cells have been cultured for 7 days.
Subtask 31: Remove the 35 mm culture dish from the incubator and place it securely in the workspace.