Original Procedure:
a. After the cells have been cultured for 24 h, observe them. If extensive cell clustering is present, centrifuge the cells at 800 × g for 6 min and discard the supernatant.
b. Resuspend the cells in 2 mL of serum-containing culture medium, and transfer 500 μL of the cell suspension into a culture dish containing 5 mL of serum-containing culture medium.
c. Gently swirl the culture dish to distribute the cells evenly, and incubate it at 37°C with 5% CO2.

Parsing Result:

Monitor Condition: The cells have been cultured in the incubator for 24 h.
Subtask 1: Remove the culture dish from the incubator.
Subtask 2: Place the culture dish under an inverted microscope for observation.

Monitor Condition: If extensive cell clustering is observed, proceed with the following subtasks; otherwise, return the culture dish to the incubator and continue culturing at 37°C with 5% CO2.
Subtask 3: Move the culture dish to the workspace.
Subtask 4: Use a pipette to aspirate the liquid from the culture dish and slowly dispense it back. Repeat this pipetting cycle 3-5 times to form a cell suspension.
Subtask 5: Use a pipette to aspirate all of the cell suspension from the culture dish and transfer it to a centrifuge tube.
Subtask 6: Place the centrifuge tube into a rotor slot of the centrifuge.
Subtask 7: Set the centrifuge to 800 × g for 6 min using the control panel.
Subtask 8: Start the centrifuge.

Monitor Condition: Wait until the centrifuge has completed its 6 min run.
Subtask 9: Remove the centrifuge tube from the centrifuge.
Subtask 10: Use a pipette to aspirate the supernatant from the centrifuge tube and dispense it into the waste container.

Monitor Condition: The supernatant in the centrifuge tube has been almost completely removed.
Subtask 11: Use a pipette to aspirate 2 mL of serum-containing culture medium and dispense it into the centrifuge tube.
Subtask 12: Use a pipette to aspirate the liquid from the centrifuge tube and slowly dispense it back. Repeat this pipetting cycle 3-5 times to form a cell suspension.

Monitor Condition: The cell pellet at the bottom of the centrifuge tube has completely dispersed; a culture dish and serum-containing culture medium have been prepared.
Subtask 13: Use a pipette to aspirate 5 mL of serum-containing culture medium and dispense it into the culture dish.
Subtask 14: Use a pipette to aspirate 500 μL of cell suspension from the centrifuge tube and transfer it into the culture dish containing 5 mL of culture medium.
Subtask 15: Gently swirl the culture dish.
Subtask 16: Place the culture dish into the incubator and close the incubator door.
Subtask 17: Set the incubator temperature to 37°C and the CO2 concentration to 5% using the control panel.
Subtask 18: Start the incubator.

