Monitor Condition: Minced rat adipose tissue (4 g), an Erlenmeyer flask, and 0.1% type I collagenase solution are available.
Subtask 1: Use ophthalmic forceps to place the minced rat adipose tissue into the Erlenmeyer flask.
Subtask 2: Replace the pipette tip. Use a pipette to aspirate 4 mL of 0.1% type I collagenase solution and add it to the Erlenmeyer flask.
Subtask 3: Place the Erlenmeyer flask securely inside the shaking water bath.
Subtask 4: Set the shaking water bath temperature to 37°C and the operating time to 1 h using the control panel.
Subtask 5: Start the shaking water bath.

Monitor Condition: The shaking water bath has completed the 1-h operation. A centrifuge tube is available.
Subtask 6: Remove the Erlenmeyer flask from the shaking water bath and place it securely in the workspace.
Subtask 7: Replace the pipette tip. Use a pipette to aspirate all the liquid and tissue from the Erlenmeyer flask and transfer them into the centrifuge tube.
Subtask 8: Place the centrifuge tube into the designated rotor position in the centrifuge.
Subtask 9: Set the centrifuge to 1,200 rpm for 5 min using the centrifuge control panel.
Subtask 10: Start the centrifuge.

Monitor Condition: The centrifuge has completed the 5-min centrifugation process.
Subtask 11: Remove the centrifuge tube from the centrifuge and place it securely in the workspace.
Subtask 12: Use a pipette to aspirate the supernatant from the centrifuge tube and dispense it into the liquid waste container.

Monitor Condition: Most of the supernatant has been removed from the centrifuge tube. DMEM/F12 culture medium containing 10% fetal bovine serum and 1% penicillin-streptomycin is available.
Subtask 13: Replace the pipette tip. Use a pipette to aspirate 2 mL of DMEM/F12 culture medium containing 10% fetal bovine serum and 1% penicillin-streptomycin and add it to the centrifuge tube.
Subtask 14: Insert the pipette tip 1–2 mm below the liquid surface in the centrifuge tube and gently pipette 3–5 times to resuspend the cell suspension.

Monitor Condition: A 200-mesh nylon screen and a new centrifuge tube are available.
Subtask 15: Install the 200-mesh nylon screen on the new centrifuge tube.
Subtask 16: Replace the pipette tip. Use a pipette to aspirate the cell suspension from the original centrifuge tube.
Subtask 17: Move the pipette above the 200-mesh nylon screen and slowly press the plunger to dispense the cell suspension dropwise onto the nylon screen for filtration.

Monitor Condition: Most of the cell suspension in the original centrifuge tube has been filtered. DMEM/F12 culture medium containing 10% fetal bovine serum and 1% penicillin-streptomycin is available.
Subtask 18: Replace the pipette tip. Use a pipette to aspirate 2 mL of DMEM/F12 conditioned medium.
Subtask 19: Move the pipette above the 200-mesh nylon screen and slowly press the plunger to rinse the inner surface of the screen with the culture medium.

Monitor Condition: All the filtrate has been collected in the centrifuge tube.
Subtask 20: Place the centrifuge tube into the designated rotor position in the centrifuge.
Subtask 21: Set the centrifuge to 1,000 rpm for 5 min using the centrifuge control panel.
Subtask 22: Start the centrifuge.

Monitor Condition: The centrifuge has completed the 5-min centrifugation process.
Subtask 23: Remove the centrifuge tube from the centrifuge and place it securely in the workspace.
Subtask 24: Use a pipette to aspirate the supernatant from the centrifuge tube and dispense it into the liquid waste container.

Monitor Condition: Most of the supernatant has been removed from the centrifuge tube. PBS solution is available.
Subtask 25: Replace the pipette tip. Use a pipette to aspirate 2 mL of PBS solution and add it to the centrifuge tube.
Subtask 26: Insert the pipette tip 1–2 mm below the liquid surface in the centrifuge tube and gently pipette 3–5 times to resuspend the cell suspension.
Subtask 27: Place the centrifuge tube into the designated rotor position in the centrifuge.
Subtask 28: Set the centrifuge to 1,000 rpm for 5 min using the centrifuge control panel.
Subtask 29: Start the centrifuge.

Monitor Condition: The centrifuge has completed the 5-min centrifugation process.
Subtask 30: Remove the centrifuge tube from the centrifuge and place it securely in the workspace.
Subtask 31: Use a pipette to aspirate the supernatant from the centrifuge tube and dispense it into the liquid waste container.

Monitor Condition: Most of the supernatant has been removed from the centrifuge tube. DMEM/F12 culture medium containing 10% FBS and a 25 cm² culture flask are available.
Subtask 32: Replace the pipette tip. Use a pipette to aspirate 2 mL of DMEM/F12 culture medium containing 10% FBS and add it to the centrifuge tube.
Subtask 33: Insert the pipette tip 1–2 mm below the liquid surface in the centrifuge tube and gently pipette 3–5 times to resuspend the cell suspension.
Subtask 34: Use a pipette to aspirate 2 mL of the cell suspension from the centrifuge tube and seed it into the 25 cm² culture flask.
Subtask 35: Place the 25 cm² culture flask securely inside the incubator and close the incubator door.
Subtask 36: Set the incubator temperature to 37°C and the CO₂ concentration to 5% using the incubator control panel.
Subtask 37: Start the incubator.

Monitor Condition: The cells have been cultured for 3 days. Fresh DMEM/F12 culture medium containing 10% FBS is available.
Subtask 38: Remove the 25 cm² culture flask from the incubator and place it securely in the workspace.
Subtask 39: Replace the pipette tip. Use a pipette to aspirate the culture medium from the culture flask and dispense it into the liquid waste container.
Subtask 40: Replace the pipette tip. Use a pipette to aspirate 2 mL of DMEM/F12 culture medium containing 10% FBS and add it to the 25 cm² culture flask.
Subtask 41: Place the 25 cm² culture flask securely inside the incubator and close the incubator door.
Subtask 42: Set the incubator temperature to 37°C and the CO₂ concentration to 5% using the incubator control panel.
Subtask 43: Start the incubator.