Monitor Condition: Rat limbs with the skin and paws removed, a culture dish, and PBSA solution containing antibiotics are available.
Subtask 1: Place the limbs in the culture dish.
Subtask 2: Use a pipette to aspirate 20 mL of PBSA solution containing antibiotics and add it to the culture dish.
Subtask 3: Gently shake the culture dish.

Monitor Condition: The limbs have been allowed to stand for 5 min.
Subtask 4: Use a pipette to aspirate the PBSA solution from the culture dish and dispense it into the liquid waste container.
Subtask 5: Repeat Subtasks 2–4 four times in total.

Monitor Condition: Four washing cycles have been completed. A dish, serum-free culture medium, and surgical instruments are available.
Subtask 6: Transfer the limbs from the culture dish into the dish.
Subtask 7: Replace the pipette tip. Use a pipette to aspirate 5 mL of serum-free culture medium and add it to the dish.
Subtask 8: Use surgical instruments to cut the limbs into tissue pieces of approximately 1 mm³.

Monitor Condition: All the limbs have been cut into tissue pieces of approximately 1 mm³. A culture dish containing serum-free culture medium is available.
Subtask 9: Transfer the limb tissue pieces into the culture dish containing serum-free culture medium.

Monitor Condition: The tissue pieces have been allowed to stand for 5 min. A 25 cm² culture flask, serum-free culture medium, and collagenase solution are available.
Subtask 10: Transfer the tissue pieces from the culture dish into the 25 cm² culture flask.
Subtask 11: Replace the pipette tip. Use a pipette to aspirate 10 mL of serum-free culture medium and add it to the culture flask.
Subtask 12: Replace the pipette tip. Use a pipette to aspirate 2 mL of collagenase solution and add it to the culture flask.
Subtask 13: Place the culture flask securely inside the incubator and close the incubator door.
Subtask 14: Set the incubator temperature to 37°C and the CO₂ concentration to 5% using the incubator control panel.
Subtask 15: Start the incubator.

Monitor Condition: The tissue has been cultured for 24 h. A centrifuge tube is available.
Subtask 16: Remove the 25 cm² culture flask from the incubator and place it securely in the workspace.
Subtask 17: Insert the pipette tip 1–2 mm below the liquid surface in the culture flask and pipette repeatedly 10–15 times to form a homogeneous cell suspension.
Subtask 18: Use a pipette to transfer all the cell suspension from the culture flask into the centrifuge tube.
Subtask 19: Place the centrifuge tube into a rotor position in the centrifuge.
Subtask 20: Set the centrifuge to 500 × g for 5 min using the centrifuge control panel.
Subtask 21: Start the centrifuge.

Monitor Condition: The centrifuge has completed the 5-min centrifugation process.
Subtask 22: Remove the centrifuge tube from the centrifuge and secure it in the workspace.
Subtask 23: Replace the pipette tip. Use a pipette to aspirate the supernatant from the centrifuge tube and dispense it into the liquid waste container.

Monitor Condition: Most of the supernatant has been removed from the centrifuge tube. Culture medium containing 10% fetal bovine serum and antibiotics and a culture dish are available.
Subtask 24: Replace the pipette tip. Use a pipette to aspirate 2 mL of culture medium containing 10% fetal bovine serum and antibiotics and add it to the centrifuge tube.
Subtask 25: Insert the pipette tip 1–2 mm below the liquid surface in the centrifuge tube and pipette repeatedly 3–5 times to form a homogeneous cell suspension.
Subtask 26: Replace the pipette tip. Use a pipette to aspirate 2 mL of the cell suspension and seed it into the culture dish.
Subtask 27: Place the culture dish securely inside the incubator and close the incubator door.
Subtask 28: Set the incubator temperature to 37°C and the CO₂ concentration to 5% using the incubator control panel.
Subtask 29: Start the incubator.

Monitor Condition: The cells have been cultured for 24 h. Culture medium containing 10% fetal bovine serum and antibiotics is available.
Subtask 30: Remove the culture dish from the incubator and place it securely in the workspace.
Subtask 31: Use a pipette to aspirate the culture medium from the culture dish and dispense it into the liquid waste container.
Subtask 32: Replace the pipette tip. Use a pipette to aspirate 2 mL of fresh culture medium containing 10% fetal bovine serum and antibiotics and add it to the culture dish.
Subtask 33: Place the culture dish securely inside the incubator and close the incubator door.
Subtask 34: Set the incubator temperature to 37°C and the CO₂ concentration to 5% using the incubator control panel.
Subtask 35: Start the incubator.