Monitor Condition: Cartilage tissue cut into pieces of approximately 1 mm³, a glass culture dish, and GBSS are available.
Subtask 1: Use ophthalmic forceps to transfer the cartilage tissue pieces into the glass culture dish.
Subtask 2: Replace the pipette tip. Use a pipette to aspirate 10 mL of GBSS and add it to the glass culture dish.

Monitor Condition: The tissue has been allowed to stand for 10 min. Hyaluronidase solution is available.
Subtask 3: Replace the pipette tip. Use a pipette to aspirate all the GBSS from the glass culture dish and dispense it into the liquid waste container.
Subtask 4: Replace the pipette tip. Use a pipette to aspirate 4 mL of hyaluronidase solution and add it to the glass culture dish.

Monitor Condition: The tissue has been allowed to stand for 5 min. Hyaluronidase solution is available.
Subtask 5: Replace the pipette tip. Use a pipette to aspirate all the hyaluronidase solution from the glass culture dish and dispense it into the liquid waste container.
Subtask 6: Replace the pipette tip. Use a pipette to aspirate 8 mL of hyaluronidase solution and add it to the glass culture dish.

Monitor Condition: The tissue has been allowed to stand for 10 min. GBSS is available.
Subtask 7: Replace the pipette tip. Use a pipette to aspirate all the hyaluronidase solution from the glass culture dish and dispense it into the liquid waste container.
Subtask 8: Replace the pipette tip. Use a pipette to aspirate 5 mL of GBSS and add it to the glass culture dish.
Subtask 9: Gently shake the glass culture dish.
Subtask 10: Use a pipette to aspirate all the GBSS from the glass culture dish and dispense it into the liquid waste container.
Subtask 11: Repeat Subtasks 8–10 until a total of two washes has been completed.

Monitor Condition: The tissue pieces have been washed twice with GBSS. A 25 mL screw-cap tube and trypsin are available.
Subtask 12: Use ophthalmic forceps to transfer the cartilage tissue pieces from the glass culture dish into the 25 mL screw-cap tube.
Subtask 13: Replace the pipette tip. Use a pipette to aspirate 2 mL of trypsin and add it to the 25 mL screw-cap tube.
Subtask 14: Gently shake the 25 mL screw-cap tube.
Subtask 15: Use a pipette to aspirate all the trypsin from the 25 mL screw-cap tube and dispense it into the liquid waste container.
Subtask 16: Repeat Subtasks 13–15 until a total of two washes has been completed.

Monitor Condition: The trypsin has been removed from the 25 mL screw-cap tube. Trypsin is available.
Subtask 17: Replace the pipette tip. Use a pipette to aspirate 4 mL of trypsin and add it to the 25 mL screw-cap tube.
Subtask 18: Place the 25 mL screw-cap tube securely inside the incubator and close the incubator door.
Subtask 19: Set the incubator temperature to 37°C and the CO₂ concentration to 5% using the incubator control panel.
Subtask 20: Start the incubator.

Monitor Condition: The tissue has been cultured for 30 min. GBSS is available.
Subtask 21: Remove the 25 mL screw-cap tube from the incubator and place it securely in the workspace.
Subtask 22: Replace the pipette tip. Use a pipette to aspirate all the trypsin from the 25 mL screw-cap tube and dispense it into the liquid waste container.
Subtask 23: Replace the pipette tip. Use a pipette to aspirate 5 mL of GBSS and add it to the 25 mL screw-cap tube.
Subtask 24: Gently shake the 25 mL screw-cap tube.
Subtask 25: Use a pipette to aspirate all the GBSS from the 25 mL screw-cap tube and dispense it into the liquid waste container.
Subtask 26: Repeat Subtasks 23–25 until a total of two washes has been completed.

Monitor Condition: Two GBSS washes have been completed. A 0.2% collagenase solution is available.
Subtask 27: Replace the pipette tip. Use a pipette to aspirate 2 mL of 0.2% collagenase solution and add it to the 25 mL screw-cap tube.

Monitor Condition: The tissue has been allowed to stand for 5 min. Collagenase solution is available.
Subtask 28: Use a pipette to aspirate all the collagenase solution from the 25 mL screw-cap tube and dispense it into the liquid waste container.
Subtask 29: Replace the pipette tip. Use a pipette to aspirate 4 mL of collagenase solution and add it to the 25 mL screw-cap tube.
Subtask 30: Place the 25 mL screw-cap tube securely inside the incubator and close the incubator door.
Subtask 31: Set the incubator temperature to 37°C and the CO₂ concentration to 5% using the incubator control panel.
Subtask 32: Start the incubator.

Monitor Condition: The tissue has been cultured for 90 min. A centrifuge tube is available.
Subtask 33: Remove the 25 mL screw-cap tube from the incubator and place it securely in the workspace.
Subtask 34: Replace the pipette tip. Use a pipette to aspirate all the supernatant from the 25 mL screw-cap tube and transfer it into the centrifuge tube.
Subtask 35: Place the centrifuge tube into a rotor position in the centrifuge.
Subtask 36: Set the centrifuge to 600 × g for 8 min using the centrifuge control panel.
Subtask 37: Start the centrifuge.

Monitor Condition: The centrifuge has completed the 8-min centrifugation process.
Subtask 38: Remove the centrifuge tube from the centrifuge and place it securely in the workspace.
Subtask 39: Use a pipette to aspirate the supernatant from the centrifuge tube and dispense it into the liquid waste container.

Monitor Condition: Most of the supernatant has been removed from the centrifuge tube. F12 culture medium containing 20% FBS is available.
Subtask 40: Replace the pipette tip. Use a pipette to aspirate 8 mL of F12 culture medium containing 20% FBS and add it to the centrifuge tube.
Subtask 41: Insert the pipette tip below the liquid surface in the centrifuge tube, slowly press and release the plunger, and repeat the pipetting process 3–5 times to resuspend the cell suspension.
Subtask 42: Place the centrifuge tube into a rotor position in the centrifuge.
Subtask 43: Set the centrifuge to 180 × g for 1 min using the centrifuge control panel.
Subtask 44: Start the centrifuge.

Monitor Condition: The centrifuge has completed the 1-min centrifugation process. A new centrifuge tube is available.
Subtask 45: Remove the centrifuge tube from the centrifuge and place it securely in the workspace.
Subtask 46: Replace the pipette tip. Use a pipette to aspirate all the supernatant from the centrifuge tube and transfer it into the new centrifuge tube.
Subtask 47: Place the new centrifuge tube into a rotor position in the centrifuge.
Subtask 48: Set the centrifuge to 600 × g for 10 min using the centrifuge control panel.
Subtask 49: Start the centrifuge.

Monitor Condition: The centrifuge has completed the 10-min centrifugation process.
Subtask 50: Remove the centrifuge tube from the centrifuge and place it securely in the workspace.
Subtask 51: Use a pipette to aspirate the supernatant from the centrifuge tube and dispense it into the liquid waste container.

Monitor Condition: Most of the supernatant has been removed from the centrifuge tube. F12 culture medium containing 12% FBS and a 75 cm² culture flask are available.
Subtask 52: Replace the pipette tip. Use a pipette to aspirate 8 mL of F12 culture medium containing 12% FBS and add it to the centrifuge tube.
Subtask 53: Insert the pipette tip below the liquid surface in the centrifuge tube, slowly press and release the plunger, and repeat the pipetting process 3–5 times to resuspend the cell suspension.
Subtask 54: Transfer all the liquid from the centrifuge tube into the 75 cm² culture flask.
Subtask 55: Replace the pipette tip. Use a pipette to aspirate 4 mL of F12 culture medium containing 12% FBS and add it to the 75 cm² culture flask.
Subtask 56: Place the 75 cm² culture flask inside the incubator.
Subtask 57: Set the incubator temperature to 37°C and the CO₂ concentration to 5% using the incubator control panel.
Subtask 58: Start the incubator.