Monitor Condition: A thoroughly washed neonatal bovine thoracic aorta has been obtained. Mixed digestion solution and a culture dish are available.
Subtask 1: Use a pipette to aspirate 2 mL of mixed digestion solution and add it to the culture dish.
Subtask 2: Use sterile forceps to completely immerse the aorta in the culture dish containing the mixed digestion solution.
Subtask 3: Place the culture dish in the water bath.
Subtask 4: Set the water bath temperature to 37°C and the duration to 30 min using the control panel, and start the water bath.

Monitor Condition: The water bath has completed the 30-min operation. M199 culture medium containing 20% fetal bovine serum is available.
Subtask 5: Remove the culture dish from the water bath and place it securely in the workspace.
Subtask 6: Use sterile forceps to transfer the aorta from the culture dish into the waste container.
Subtask 7: Use a pipette to aspirate 2 mL of M199 culture medium containing 20% fetal bovine serum and add it to the culture dish.
Subtask 8: Gently shake the culture dish to terminate digestion.

Monitor Condition: A centrifuge tube is available.
Subtask 9: Use a pipette to transfer all the cell suspension from the culture dish into the centrifuge tube.
Subtask 10: Place the centrifuge tube into the designated rotor position in the centrifuge.
Subtask 11: Set the centrifuge to 1000 rpm for 5 min using the centrifuge control panel.
Subtask 12: Start the centrifuge.

Monitor Condition: The centrifuge has completed the 5-min centrifugation process.
Subtask 13: Remove the centrifuge tube from the centrifuge and place it securely in the workspace.
Subtask 14: Use a pipette to aspirate the supernatant from the centrifuge tube and dispense it into the liquid waste container.

Monitor Condition: Most of the supernatant has been removed from the centrifuge tube. M199 culture medium containing 20% fetal bovine serum is available.
Subtask 15: Replace the pipette tip. Use a pipette to aspirate 2 mL of M199 culture medium containing 20% fetal bovine serum and add it to the centrifuge tube.
Subtask 16: Insert the pipette tip 1–2 mm below the liquid surface in the centrifuge tube and gently pipette 3–5 times to form a cell suspension.
Subtask 17: Use a pipette to aspirate the culture medium from the centrifuge tube and dispense it into the liquid waste container.
Subtask 18: Repeat Subtasks 15–17 twice in total.

Monitor Condition: The cells have been washed twice. M199 culture medium containing 20% fetal bovine serum and a gelatin-coated culture dish are available.
Subtask 19: Replace the pipette tip. Use a pipette to aspirate 2 mL of M199 culture medium containing 20% fetal bovine serum and add it to the centrifuge tube.
Subtask 20: Insert the pipette tip 1–2 mm below the liquid surface in the centrifuge tube and gently pipette 3–5 times to form a cell suspension.
Subtask 21: Use a pipette to aspirate an appropriate volume of the cell suspension from the centrifuge tube and seed it into the gelatin-coated culture dish.
Subtask 22: Place the culture dish securely inside the incubator.
Subtask 23: Set the incubator temperature to 37°C and the CO₂ concentration to 5% using the incubator control panel.
Subtask 24: Start the incubator.

Monitor Condition: The cells have been cultured in the incubator for 24 h.
Subtask 25: Remove the culture dish from the incubator and place it in the microscopic observation area.

Monitor Condition: The cells in the culture dish have reached confluence. M199 culture medium containing 20% fetal bovine serum is available.
Subtask 26: Move the culture dish from the microscopic observation area to the workspace.
Subtask 27: Use a pipette to aspirate the culture medium from the culture dish and dispense it into the liquid waste container.
Subtask 28: Replace the pipette tip. Use a pipette to aspirate 2 mL of M199 culture medium containing 20% fetal bovine serum and add it to the culture dish.
Subtask 29: Place the culture dish inside the incubator.
Subtask 30: Set the incubator temperature to 37°C and the CO₂ concentration to 5% using the incubator control panel.
Subtask 31: Start the incubator.